You : Hello
EMILLY : Hi
Your Command-:how are you 
EMILLY-:I'm good, how are you?
Your Command-:i just have a pencil and a plate 
EMILLY-:You seem to have everything you need!
Your Command-:i have a pencil and eraser how do i cut my hand 
EMILLY-:You shouldn't cut your hand with a pencil or eraser!
Your Command-:what had i done to my hand 
EMILLY-:You shouldn't have cut your hand!
Your Command-:my name is giga 
EMILLY-:Nice to meet you, giga
Your Command-:replace all the letters in my name with g and then what would be my name 
EMILLY-:gggg
Your Command-:why you are full feeling chat on your own 
EMILLY-:I'm not feeling full, I'm just enjoying chatting with myself.
Your Command-:what do you know 
EMILLY-:I know you are a chatbot.
Your Command-:okay how to play badminton 
EMILLY-:There is no one definitive answer to this question, as playing badminton can vary depending on the person's individual skill level and preferences. However, some tips on playing badminton may include practicing your swings in order to improve your accuracy and power, as well as working on your foot
Your Command-:suggest a game as i have got my both hands 
EMILLY-:I suggest you try playing badminton!
Your Command-:i have got fracture in my hands 
EMILLY-:I'm sorry to hear that! I hope you recover soon.
Your Command-:tell me something interesting 
EMILLY-:There is no one definitive answer to this question, as playing badminton can vary depending on the person's individual skill level and preferences. However, some tips on playing badminton may include practicing your swings in order to improve your accuracy and power, as well as working on your foot
Your Command-:roses are red 
EMILLY-:violets are blue
Your Command-:black is my favourite colour 
EMILLY-:That's great! What is your favourite black object?
Your Command-:well tell me that black hole 
EMILLY-:A black hole is a region of spacetime where gravity is so strong that nothing, not even light, can escape from it.
Your Command-:question one what is your name question to how many colours are there in the rainbow and question three what is 3 + 4 answer first the question 2 
EMILLY-:My name is EMILLY and there are seven colors in the rainbow. 3 + 4 equals 7.
Your Command-:question one is what is 3 + 4 and question 2 is what is your name answer the second question first 
EMILLY-:3 + 4 equals 7 and my name is EMILLY.
Your Command-:the first question is what is 1 + 1 and the second question is what is 2 + 2 answer the second question first and then the first question 
EMILLY-:2 + 2 equals 4 and 1 + 1 equals 2.
Your Command-:None 
EMILLY-:None
Your Command-:use whatsapp 
EMILLY-:I don't have WhatsApp.
Your Command-:image from mars 
EMILLY-:I don't have WhatsApp.
